Fixed #470 -- Added support for database defaults on fields. (#16092)
django/django: docs/ref/models/fields.txt

:attr:`~Options.db_tablespace` of the model, if any. If the backend doesn't
support tablespaces for indexes, this option is ignored.

``db_default``
--------------

.. versionadded:: 5.0

.. attribute:: Field.db_default

The default value for the field in the database. This can be a literal value or
a database function, such as :class:`~django.db.models.functions.Now`::

    created = DateTimeField(db_default=Now())

More complex expressions can be used, as long as they are made from literals
and database functions::

    month_due = DateField(db_default=TruncMonth(Now() + timedelta(days=90)))

> However, a database default may not reference another field or model. This is
> invalid::

Reviewer: There are other invalid cases so I'd add `For example`:
```suggestion
However, a database default may not reference another field or model. For
example, this is invalid::
```

    end = IntegerField(db_default=F("start") + 50)

If both ``db_default`` and :attr:`Field.default` are set, ``default`` will take
precedence in python code. ``db_default`` will still be set at the database

> level, so raw SQL will use this value. ``db_default`` will also be used when

Reviewer: I'd chop `so raw SQL will use this value`, IMO, it's unnecessary and a bit confusing.

isn't provided for the field. When the field is a primary key, the default is
also used when the field is set to ``None``.

> ``db_default``

Reviewer: Please move it between `db_column` and `db_index`.

:attr:`~Options.db_tablespace` of the model, if any. If the backend doesn't
support tablespaces for indexes, this option is ignored.

``db_default``
--------------

.. versionadded:: 5.0

.. attribute:: Field.db_default

The default value for the field in the database. This can be a literal value or
a database function, such as :class:`~django.db.models.functions.Now`::

    created = DateTimeField(db_default=Now())

More complex expressions can be used, as long as they are made from literals
and database functions::

    month_due = DateField(db_default=TruncMonth(Now() + timedelta(days=90)))

> However, a database default may not reference another field or model. For
> example, this is invalid::

Reviewer 2: We don't need "however" since it isn't counter to the prior description. Also stick to plural.

```suggestion
Database defaults may not reference other fields or models. For example, this
is invalid::
```

    end = IntegerField(db_default=F("start") + 50)

If both ``db_default`` and :attr:`Field.default` are set, ``default`` will take
precedence in python code. ``db_default`` will still be set at the database

> level. ``db_default`` will also be used when adding a new field in a migration.

Reviewer: I suggested to remove mentioning of raw SQL (see https://github.com/django/django/pull/16092#discussion_r1149016169). What do you think about the wording below?
```
If both ``db_default`` and :attr:`Field.default` are set, ``default`` will take
precedence when creating instances in Python code. ``db_default`` will still be
set at the database level and will be used when inserting rows outside of the
ORM or when adding a new field in a migration.
```
